hi this is Joe cilantro pretty little
gun ed and this is called batteries
versus gravity destroyer battles and
this was a competition and it was from
the box and it'll be fun against gravity
straw yeah the combination was a
bachelor Arisa PDW d and we'll be doing
destroyer stadium really cool beyblades
and i'll first launch gravity destroyer
Oh Harry Smith
oh oh
I guess this was a pretty good
combination
whoa now Maurice makes a theory test
against this foyer so we're gonna just
do four rounds to one defensible and to
encounter on four destroyer to see what
will happen
so restock destroy even more so let's be
able take for 100 another big attack I
guess this combination wasn't was there
for a really good reason the round one
goes with action Aries scores now one
zero no time for round two so Bob will
throw us off Leslie will win
hmm I'm now starting to be like a bio
stamina no one's making attack yet
now Maurice knick-knack whoa no big
attack Ares is defending whoa
all right is defending pretty good babe
action Annalise's combinations really
awesome
pretty awesome so now there's some more
attacks no really a big attack by Ares
is pretty strong now as soon as this
battles over I'm gonna change gravity
store into counter oh and a winner is
this time is gravity's joy scores not
one zero I'll excuse me while I change
the modem to counter mode I won one
sorry I'm standing the counter mode
right now this there yours looks like in
counter mode now Amash destroyer let's
say whoa whoa everything a powerful
attack and counter mode in the show is
Medusa's eyes Celeste will happen
well maybe Medusa's eyes freeze Aries
Aries push back and take the 1 let's see
looks like Aries was able to push back
counter mode this course now onesie I
mean two one now time for round 4 I mean
the final round
oh my god that was a tire oh really
hey oh I guess my students massage from
destroy and with destroying their race
it was a big boom we're gonna do one
more round she'll take the winner for
both of them
then this is what a very cool battle
so looks like this choice are circling
around oh now this arm is a few attacks
with accents but it won't do more
balanced with the destroyers to make it
more fun now he'll take the one for the
farm around oh and the water is worse
the final rounds the winner is uh what
is doing - the winner isn't over the
winner is destroyer scores No - - I'll
just have to do one last round just to
decide it so - text for Mary's oh so you
tap OH
air is blown back destroyer this course
now uh three two
please make sure you like this video
making your favorite a share and please
ride thanks for watching
you